#privacypolicy

## 1. Overview

By accessing this website, you agree not only to this Privacy Policy, but also to our Terms of Use and any other written agreement regarding your use of this website. and you consent to our collection and use of any personal data (as described herein) and the functionality of public/permissionless blockchain technology.

This privacy policy ("Privacy Policy") comprehensively describes how coolha.com ("we" or "our") collects, uses and shares information in connection with the website coolha.com, as well as your rights and interests in such information rights and choices.

By accessing or using this website, you accept and assume certain inherent characteristics associated with recording data on the blockchain. Interaction with the Lens Protocol relies on smart contracts stored on publicly available blockchains, cryptographic tokens generated by smart contracts, and other emerging software, applications, and systems that interact with blockchain-based networks. One of the defining characteristics of blockchain technology is that its entries are immutable, which means that, from a technical perspective, they generally cannot be deleted or modified by anyone. If you are unwilling to assume that all entries on the blockchain are inherently immutable and public, then you should not interact with our website.

## 2. Information collection

When you use this website, we may collect the following information about you:

- Information provided by you, such as feedback, questions and problem reports.
- You may choose to voluntarily provide us with additional information that we have not requested from you, in which case you are solely responsible for such information.
- We may automatically collect information using tracking technologies, including the following:
  - Log files used to record events or errors that occur when using our website.
  - Cookies, small data stored on your device necessary to navigate the website.
  - Public information, data from publicly visible and/or accessible activities on the blockchain. This may include blockchain addresses and information about the NFTs in the wallet.

## 3. Use of information

We may need to use it to operate and manage services on this website (or elsewhere), to provide support to you, to ensure that we comply with laws and regulations, and to enforce security or make other improvements to this website.

## 4. Third party

This Privacy Policy does not apply to websites, applications, products or services that we do not own or control. For example, your interactions with an Ethereum wallet are subject to the applicable privacy policy of that specific wallet.

## 5. Analysis

We collect events related to user actions and user profile IDs. This helps us understand:

- What areas of the website might need improvement.
- Features most used by users.

The main goal of collecting this data is to enhance functionality and user experience. By understanding how users interact with the site, we can make more targeted decisions about where to focus our improvement efforts.

Your data never leaves our controlled environment. We do not share this data with third-party analytics providers.

## 6. Your Rights and Choices

- **Cookies**: We only use strictly necessary cookies. These cookies are essential for you to navigate the website and use its features, including accessing secure areas of the website.
- **Do Not Track**: Your browser settings may allow you to automatically transmit a "Do Not Track" signal to the online services you visit. Note, however, that there is no industry consensus on how website and app operators should respond to these signals. Accordingly, we do not monitor or take action on Do Not Track signals unless the law is interpreted to require us to do so. For more information about Do Not Track, please visit [fqa@coolha.com↗](https://coolha-com.larksuite.com/share/base/form/shrusf2YvDVxMoNgsYrV1uZ8J3e).

## 7. Data Security

We implement and maintain reasonable administrative, physical and technical security safeguards to help protect information about you from loss, theft, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction. However, transmission over the Internet is not completely secure and we cannot guarantee the security of information about you.

## 8. Children

This website is intended for a general audience and is not directed at children. To use the Site, you must be legally able to enter into this Agreement. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children.

## 9. Policy changes

We reserve the right to revise and republish this Privacy Policy at any time. Any changes will be effective immediately upon our posting of the revised Privacy Policy. For the avoidance of doubt, your continued use of the Site constitutes your agreement to the then-currently posted revised Privacy Policy.

## 10. Contact us

If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, our data practices, or our compliance with applicable laws, please contact us at [fqa@coolha.com↗](https://coolha-com.larksuite.com/share/base /form/shrusf2YvDVxMoNgsYrV1uZ8J3e) Contact us.